Previously on The Affair...
- Is this your daughter?
- Yeah.
Everybody says she looks
like Alison.
but to me. she looks
like her daddy.
You know what?
She does to me too.
I saw Scotty this morning.
He had some plan about
buying The Lobster Roll
and wanted me to go in
with him.
I mean. it's not like
The Lobster Roll's
even for sale.
Well. no. it's...
it's in foreclosure.
Really?
So what's going on. Alison?
- I bought this place.
- I heard.
- With Cole.
- As business partners.
How does this work?
You gonna move back out here?
You taking Joanie
with you?
I just hoped we could
figure it out together.
This was my idea.
I-I told you about this.
I told you both about this.
- You're a fucking junkie!
- God damn it. Cole!
I could tell you something
that would blow up
your entire fucking life.
Cut me in!
Scotty.
I will bring you in.
I promise.
You just got to go someplace
that's gonna give you some help.
Ladies and gents.
it's time to talk
about that night.
Look. I didn't kill
Scott Lockhart.
I guess we got to find out
who did.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ I was screaming
into the canyon ♪
♪ At the moment of my death ♪
♪ The echo I created ♪
♪ Outlasted my last breath ♪
♪ My voice
it made an avalanche ♪
♪ And buried a man
I never knew ♪
♪ And when he died
his widowed bride ♪
♪ Met your daddy
and they made you ♪
♪ I have only one thing to do
and that's ♪
♪ Be the wave that I am
and then ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean ♪
♪ I have only one thing to do
and that's ♪
♪ Be the wave that I am
and then ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean ♪
♪ I have only one thing to do
and that's ♪
♪ Be the wave that I am
and then ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean ♪
♪ Sink back into the o ♪
Sync and corrections by explosiveskull
www.addic7ed.com
_
You're here early.
No traffic.
Mm.
You need more time?
I can wait.
No. no.
I finished.
How are you doing?
I'm fine.
How are you?
Yeah. I'm great.
How's Joanie?
She's good.
Misses you.
I know.
I miss her too.
Okay. let's go.
So this is where
you've been living?
Yeah. what do you think?
It's the size of a closet.
Yep. I know.
but it's only
three days a week.
and I like living above
the restaurant.
It means
I can get more done.
Maximize my time
out here.
I got us a room
at The End tonight.
You didn't have to do that.
We could just stay here.
I know. but I. uh.
thought it might be
a nice treat for us.
Yeah. you're right.
It is.
Thank you.
So how was your week?
Oh. it was good.
I filed a bunch of chapters.
Harry liked them.
Oh. you did?
That's great.
Congratulations.
Yeah.
Maybe he'll get off my case now.
Let me finish it at my own pace.
you know?
No. I'm really happy
for you.
I'm thinking of going to France
sometime in the fall.
Oh. yeah?
Yeah.
I just can't keep writing
in a vacuum.
You know. I need to do
some on-the-ground research.
see the battlegrounds.
the archives.
Yeah. no. totally.
I get it.
Well. I thought
maybe you could come with me.
Uh. well. what about Joanie?
Well. she can come too.
She's portable.
Yeah. yeah. maybe.
Come on.
It'd be an adventure.
Just the three of us.
No. I'll... I'll. uh...
I'll... I'll think about it.
I promise.
Wow.
Look at you.
Do you like it?
Is it new?
Uh. no.
it's old. actually.
I left it
at Cherry's house years ago.
She just
gave it back to me.
Uh. look. I have to check in
on things downstairs.
Do you want to come with me?
You know. the ceremony
doesn't start until five.
No. no. I'll come with you.
Maybe I can help...
lifting things.
whatever.
Hey. um...
Look. thank you
for being here.
I know it can't
be easy on you.
I'm proud of you.
You are?
Restaurant looks great.
It's gonna be a big success.
and you deserve it.
You worked your ass off
for this.
Okay. let's go.
♪ Ooh. baby ♪
♪ Been so long since
I've seen you. darling ♪
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
♪ When the party's over... ♪
Xanax.
♪ ...and the lights go out ♪
♪ Can I take you home? ♪
You look like
you could use it.
I'm gonna have one too.
Thanks. Margaret.
Bottoms up.
♪ Well. I know
that I've lied to you ♪
What are you drinking to?
Hey.
Here. sit.
Lovely job. Mom.
Well. I didn't do anything
but pay for it.
What are you doing here?
I'm her date.
- Where's Vik?
- He's on call.
Oh. that's too bad.
Mm.
Noah.
don't you have a new baby?
I do. Margaret.
Yes.
Relatively.
She's... she's 18 months.
Well. for God's sake.
show me some pictures.
Okay. sure.
♪ Can I take you home? ♪
Uh. hang on.
♪ I've been waiting... ♪
This was yesterday.
Oh. my God.
She's so precious.
She's pretty adorable.
Hi.
Uh. mini lobster roll. anyone?
Hey. Ali. uh...
- Ali. why don't you sit down?
- Yeah. take my seat.
Uh. no. no. no.
It's okay.
I have to do the rounds. so...
Yes. but we were just
on our way.
- Right. Mom?
- Yes. we were.
When does the ceremony start?
Oh. it's in ten minutes.
We better get going
so we get a good seat.
Nice to see you again. dear.
Great dress.
Will you...
...sit down for a second?
Okay.
Come on. I miss you.
♪ Oh. I just wanna
love you... ♪
Hey. you want to see
something cute?
Took this this morning.
Look.
What's wrong?
Look. I am sorry
about this summer.
I'm... I'm sorry I left you
alone with her so much.
It's okay.
She's my kid too.
Come on.
we had a tough summer.
but hey. you got to build
this place.
I finished three new chapters
of my book.
Cheer up.
We just get through tonight.
tomorrow morning.
we can go home together.
Joanie needs her mama back.
and so do I.
I. Cole Lockhart...
...take you. Luisa Leon.
to be my wife.
I promise to be true to you
in good times and in bad...
...and to stand by you
in sickness and in health.
And forsaking all others.
I will love and honor you
all the days of my life.
And forsaking all others.
I will love and honor you
all the days of my life.
I. Luisa Leon...
...take you. Cole Lockhart.
to be my husband.
I promise to be true to you
in good times and in bad...
...and to stand by you
in sickness and in health.
And forsaking all others.
I will love and honor you
all the days of my life.
And forsaking all others.
I will love and honor you...
You okay?
Luisa. you take these vows...
What's going on?
May God's grace bless you
and bring strength
to your commitment
and bless you with the glorious
power of his love.
And now. with the power
invested in me
and with the church
as our witness.
I now pronounce you
man and wife.
Hey.
I've been looking for you.
What's going on. Alison?
Are you really that upset
Cole's getting remarried?
No. no. course not.
It's got nothing to do
with that.
So what's happening?
Uh...
...I have to tell you
something.
Can you just sit down.
please?
Okay. now you're scaring me.
Are you sick
or something?
I don't know
how to say this. Noah.
I...
Tell me what it is.
I don't know
who Joanie's father is.
What?
Wha... I-I don't understand.
I. um...
I slept with Cole
right around the time
I got pregnant.
You slept with Cole?
It was when you were in the city
dealing with Martin.
and I know that doesn't
make it okay. but...
I didn't know if you
were ever gonna come back.
and Yvonne and Robert
didn't want me there.
so I-I came back to Montauk.
I-I came back home and...
So wait. you're telling me
Cole is Joanie's father?
No. I...
Look. I-I can find out
if you want me to.
It's just. you're...
you're such a wonderful...
You...
you care so much about her.
and I...
I don't want to lie
anymore.
We've had so many secrets
between us. and...
...I am so tired
of keeping mine.
I'm sorry. I...
Look. I love you.
Please.
So how long have you
been fucking him?
No. it was just that once.
I swear.
That why you bought
The Lobster Roll together?
No. no.
It wasn't like that.
It happened years ago.
Why didn't you tell me
when it happened?
I-I don't know.
I don't know.
You were so preoccupied
with Martin.
Oh. don't blame my son.
No. I-I'm not doing that.
I... yeah.
I should have told you.
I know that.
I was stupid.
I was selfish.
I...
What else
haven't you told me?
Nothing.
I promise.
that's it.
Yeah. why should
I believe you?
Why should I believe
a fucking word
that comes out of your mouth?
Please.
Please. Noah.
forgive me. please.
I never cheated on you.
I came close.
I never did.
I had this stupid idea...
...that you and I could make
a new start together
and all the pain
we caused everybody else.
it was for a reason because
we were meant to be together.
You were my one true love.
I knew it was naive
and people thought I was crazy.
but I just didn't want to be
one of those suckers who gets...
...trapped
in a miserable marriage
and they're too...
...fucking terrified to leave
or they're drinking too much
or leaving a...
leading a double life.
I wanted to be brave
and make a choice
and be happy.
And yes. it was hard.
and yes.
I hurt people.
people I really love.
I never thought
it would be all...
...pointless.
Wait.
It's not pointless.
Isn't it?
Look. I...
I made a mistake.
Maybe.
Maybe this was the mistake.
No. please.
don't say that.
Maybe nothing's a mistake.
Maybe it's all
just fucking meaningless.
all these decisions that
we make ourselves sick over
and these choices we think
are so important.
Well. don't take this
the wrong way. but...
...I never want
to see you again.
What the fuck?
I'm leaving.
Oh. no. you're not.
Helen. give me those keys.
No. I saw what you just drank.
Helen. give me
those fucking keys!
Shh!
Let's get out of here.
Can I tell you
something awful?
Please do.
I never even
wanted Joanie.
I was furious
with Alison
when she told me
she was pregnant.
I thought she had done it
deliberately to trap me.
make sure I could never
go back to you.
Were you even thinking
about going back to me?
I always think about it.
Helen.
Being back here
is so fucking strange.
I was driving out here
this morning
past the farm stands
and the windmills.
and I felt the children
in the...
behind me in the car.
I felt you
sitting next to me.
Even felt that pit
in my stomach
I used to get when
we visited your parents.
Had to remind myself
that wasn't my life anymore
and to force myself
to remember Alison
and Joanie and...
It's like the last three years
never happened.
They just evaporated.
Sometimes I wake up
and I forget
the past 25 years
ever happened.
Are you trying
to cheer me up.
or are you trying
to finish me off?
I-I...
I'm not sure yet.
How's Vik?
He's good.
He just got a major job offer
in L.A..
at the Children's Hospital
there.
- He gonna take it?
- I don't know.
I think he is waiting
for me to...
...tell him not to.
And will you?
I don't know.
Noah.
I have no fucking clue.
God. you'd have thought
we'd be better
at this by now.
What do you mean?
Well. we're not
exactly young.
I'd have thought
by this age.
we might have figured
more things out.
- You know. be more in control.
- Yeah.
It does seem to be a sort
of never-ending shit show.
doesn't it?
Yeah.
Mm.
What are you doing?
Can't keep talking about this.
I'll kill myself.
Whoo!
Aah!
That's not conspicuous
at all.
Keys...
Do you have the keys?
Where are your keys?
Look. you drive.
I can't drive.
- You drive.
- I can't. I'm drunk.
I'm drunk.
I have a DWI.
- You drive.
- Okay. okay.
Where are you...
where are you staying?
My parents'.
Where are you staying?
The End.
I'll drop you first.
♪ Day heat wilts the skin ♪
♪ Oh. quench me from within ♪
♪ Melt with me... ♪
♪ Spend too much time ♪
♪ Thinking about
what I could have done ♪
- ♪ I want you ♪
- Ah.
♪ I still need you ♪
♪ Don't hang up
and say good-bye ♪
Welcome
to the end of the world.
I'm Noah. by the way.
I'm Alison.
♪ Walking on the beach
last night ♪
♪ And hoping things
will be all right ♪
♪ Later. lying on her bed ♪
♪ It's you I saw instead ♪
♪ Thinking of the one
I love ♪
♪ You know
what I'm thinking of ♪
I think that's
the girl from The Lobster Roll.
Maybe you
should try living a little...
And then you'll have something
to write about.
I can't stop
thinking about you.
You could just fuck me.
Get it out of your system.
I don't want to hurt you.
Do you want to run away
with me?
The whole fucking summer.
She came after me pretty hard.
That makes me feel sick.
♪ San Francisco days.
San Francisco nights ♪
Do you know why I married you?
I thought you were safe.
I've been lying to you.
Not just you. to myself.
I'm in love with someone else.
You fucking brat.
Nothing
is sacred to you. nothing.
You had no
appreciation for what you had.
I don't know
who Joanie's father is.
Dad. what the fuck?
What are you doing?
I-I. uh...
You're gonna have to drive.
I told you.
I can't.
Please. Helen.
I'm. uh...
I'm a little more fucked up
than I thought I was.
- Uh. yeah. I...
- Please?
Okay.
Hmm.
♪ San Francisco days.
San Francisco nights ♪
♪ I met a girl in Mexico ♪
♪ I should have told her then.
I know ♪
♪ That I still think of you ♪
♪ We never will be through ♪
♪ San Francisco days.
San Francisco nights ♪
♪ I still love you ♪
♪ I still want you ♪
♪ I still need you ♪
♪ Don't hang up
and say good-bye ♪
♪ Walking down
on Market Street ♪
♪ Feeling my heart skip... ♪
Jeez!
Fuck!
Fuck.
Pull over.
- It was a deer.
- Pull over!
- Helen. it wasn't a deer!
Pull the fuck over.
Helen!
It was a deer.
- It was a deer.
- Fuck!
It was a deer!
- Noah...
- It's not a deer.
Noah.
Noah!
Please.
Don't...
Noah!
Oh. fuck!
Oh. God.
Oh. f...
Listen. I want you
to go inside.
Take a shower
and go to bed. okay?
Just forget this ever happened.
Tell your mom you took
a cab home tonight
and you never saw me.
Okay?
What are you gonna do?
I'll figure it out.
But I don't want you involved.
I love you.
Where'd he find it?
At the scene of the crime.
What does it prove?
It doesn't prove anything.
It suggests
that she was there.
And this came
from Jeffries today?
He presented it to
the prosecution this morning.
Why?
W-why did he go back there?
I don't know.
Said he had
lingering suspicions.
Couldn't sleep.
About Alison?
I did some research
a few weeks back.
and something came up which
I was hoping. I was praying
I wouldn't have to share
with you.
but it doesn't look like
we have that option anymore.
What is this?
It's a DNA report.
I had a sample
of Joanie's DNA analyzed.
You're not her father.
I'm sorry to have
to tell you that.
I know that. Jon.
What?
Y-you...
you know?
Why is this relevant?
Well. uh...
...I also have a video
of an altercation
between Scotty and Alison
taken outside The Lobster Roll
the night that Scott
was killed.
I have phone records
wherein it shows
he called her multiple times
in the months
leading up to his death.
I suspected that. perhaps.
Scott was Joanie's father.
Obviously. since
the report came back.
I realized that isn't true.
No. It's Cole.
Right.
Just what the test indicated.
So I started to formulate
a hypothesis.
Maybe Scott knew
Cole was Joanie's father.
Maybe he was
blackmailing her.
Maybe she killed him
to keep him quiet.
Come on. Jon.
that... that's...
that's ridiculous.
Not to me.
I can now put her
at the site
on the night
of the accident.
Hey. for all we know.
they got into another fight.
She pushed him in front
of an oncoming car.
I don't know.
The point is
that I believe
we have enough evidence now
to build reasonable doubt
in the jurors' minds.
enough to hang 'em
or maybe even
to get you off entirely.
By turning the blame
on Alison?
Noah. look. I have been
doing this a long time.
and I usually can feel
which way a jury is leaning
in my bones.
I do not have a good feeling
about this.
We're running out of time.
This is my Hail Mary pass.
I have to put Detective Jeffries
on the stand.
Now. what I'm asking you
is. do I have your permission
to do that?
_
No. that's too much.
I can get them from Danny
for two bucks less.
Not for hard backs.
I don't need
hard backs.
Thought you said
this was a wedding.
No. we're making salad.
I need soft shells and culls.
Listen. you said wedding.
I thought you were doing
something special.
Excuse me.
Okay. Paulie.
how about
you lose the attitude
and you just give them to me
for eight?
You insane?
Eleven.
No way.
Eleven?
I can just go
to the wholesaler.
I know for a fact that Sysco
gives them to Danny for seven.
so eight is a good deal.
Not for these puppies.
These are from my secret place.
They're sweeter.
Your "secret place"?
Fine.
You don't believe me?
Go to Danny.
if the DEC hasn't shut him down
for selling undersized bugs.
You'll be lucky to get
a half a pound off him.
but hey. knock yourself out.
sweetheart.
Okay. nine is my final offer.
Make it ten.
you got a deal.
Fine. ten.
Good to have you back.
Bailey.
Ugh.
Who's the douche bag
in the Bimmer?
When's
the actual opening?
Uh. next week.
You guys ready?
Yeah. I think so.
Who's gonna
look after the place
when you come back
to the city?
Uh. Luisa.
Really?
They're not taking a honeymoon?
Actually. they've. uh...
they've asked me to stay on
a little longer.
What?
Well. just until they get back
from their honeymoon.
- How long is that?
- Uh. a few weeks.
A few weeks?
Um. look.
I've been meaning
to ask you. um...
...Cole and I have an idea
that maybe we can keep
the restaurant open all year.
Uh. not full-time.
of course.
just Thursday to Sunday.
Okay.
What do you think of that?
Well. as long as you're just
a silent investor.
it makes no difference to me.
That was the agreement.
Alison.
Yeah. I know.
Y-you work out here
during the summer.
- In the fall...
- I know.
This was never supposed to turn
into a full-time gig.
I know.
So what are you trying
to tell me?
Um...
...I like it.
What. you like being away
from us for half the week?
Wait. no. I...
I like the work.
I booked a trip to Europe
in the fall.
Remember?
Yeah. I know.
and it's fine.
You can go.
and I'll just bring Joanie
out here with me
and Gigi too. and...
You know. you'd be free
to do all the writing
you want. you...
Uh. who is it?
Luisa.
Look. let's talk
about this tonight.
Can we?
W-we can leave as soon
as the ceremony is over
and we can go back
to the hotel.
- Yeah. fine. whatever.
- No.
Look. we can...
- I'm looking for Alison.
- She's right there.
Hey.
Did I interrupt something?
No. no. it's fine.
Is it still okay
for me to change here?
No. of course.
Come in.
Put your stuff down here.
Today's gonna be wonderful.
I promise.
Thank you.
Testing.
One. two. three.
Marco?
Polo!
I feel kind of hot
and itchy. like. uh...
I don't know.
Maybe you're having cold feet?
No. no.
This... this feels physical.
like I'm coming down
with something.
Nope.
Feel fine to me.
No. look.
- Ah.
- Is it red?
No.
Are you sure?
'Cause it feels pretty sore.
Y-yeah. I think
you'll feel fine tomorrow.
Is her family here yet?
- Yeah. some of them.
- Yeah.
There's a lot of them.
And they expect to spend
a lot of time with us.
Well. then it's good you're here
and not back in the city.
You know. she can be
a little irrational.
Not a little irrational.
I mean...
you know. most of the time.
we're good.
I understand where
she's coming from.
but sometimes she is
legitimately crazy.
- What. Luisa?
- Yeah.
I find that hard to imagine.
Why...
No. she says
she's affected by
the cycles of the moon.
which I thought
was bullshit.
but she's right.
I mean. every full moon.
she's like...
she's completely emotional;
she makes no sense.
Okay. well. that's only
a few days a month.
She can't have kids.
Did you know that?
No.
I didn't.
Yeah.
Well.
you have... you have talked
about it. right?
Not really.
No.
We talked...
...around it.
You know. maybe...
...adopt in a couple years.
which...
...I said I was cool with.
but...
I think I always thought
I was gonna get to be
a father again...
...and I'd get another shot
to be a dad
and not fuck it up this time.
to be more...
...careful.
Cole. I...
Do you love her?
- Yes.
- Are you sure?
Oh. yeah.
Yeah. yeah.
I mean. I was sure
once before too.
Yeah. well...
...you and I were so young.
and we didn't know
what we were doing.
And then we were dealt
the world's worst hand and...
...we folded.
But this is not
the same thing.
You're a man now.
You know what you want.
and you know
how to protect it.
Y-you can wait five. ten.
20 years
for the perfect girl
to come along
to give you the perfect child.
but...
...what if she never shows up?
This is your chance
to be happy again. Cole.
You should take it.
Beautiful.
You look great.
All right. can we get
a little happy one?
Oh. that's good.
That's great.
That's... yep.
All right. let's have the
wedding party come in over here.
Come on in. ladies.
All the family.
All right. guys.
let's get a photo of everyone.
- Yay.
♪ What's that I see? ♪
♪ Is that her
on her way back home? ♪
♪ Do my eyes deceive me? ♪
♪ We had a falling-out
the night before ♪
♪ She said she was going away ♪
♪ She put on her coat.
walked through the door ♪
♪ Do those eyes deceive me? ♪
♪ I said please
think about... ♪
Holy shit.
- Lockhart.
- Oh.
- Look. it's Scott.
- Oh!
Hey. what's up. man?
Hey.
I know you're busy.
but can we talk for a second?
Uh. yeah. yeah. of course.
♪ I couldn't believe
it happened to me ♪
♪ I cried like a fool ♪
Listen. I've been. uh...
I've been thinking
about it. and. uh.
this isn't gonna work
for me.
Wh... what isn't gonna work?
You staying out here
and commuting to the city.
It's just... I...
That wasn't the deal.
Alison.
You were coming out here
till Labor Day.
helping fix the place up.
and then come home.
- Yeah. I know.
- That was the deal.
- Well. I want you to come home.
I want to raise
Joanie together.
I want to get married.
- Do you?
- Yeah.
Of course. don't you?
I...
Come on. Alison.
I love you.
You love me.
We got a kid together.
Let's stop making things
so difficult for ourselves.
Let's get married
and settle down.
be happy. be normal.
raise a family.
Isn't that what you want?
Yeah. of course I do.
Hey. look at this.
Joanie. this morning.
Luisa. I promise
I will be faithful to you
with my body
and with my heart.
I will stay open to you.
and I will bring you
into my confidence.
I promise I will never
make an important decision
without consulting you first.
I want you to trust me
above all others.
and I want to be worthy
of your trust.
I will support your dreams.
and I will give you
the space and the freedom
to turn them into reality.
And I promise to show you
each day how lucky I am
to have you in my life.
Cole. I promise to seek
a deep understanding
of your wishes.
your desires.
and your dreams.
I promise to be there
for whenever you need me.
I promise to keep
our lives exciting.
passionate.
and full of adventure.
Scott?
Hey.
Can I get you anything?
A soda?
Alison Bailey.
you are a sight
for sore eyes.
God. can I get a hug?
Yeah.
Mm.
Wow. you look great.
Oh. come on. now.
you... really.
you... you look terrific.
Thank you.
That's so sweet of you.
I'm actually glad that I
caught you alone for a second.
I. um...
I-I owe you an apology.
like. a big one.
My behavior the last time
we were together.
it was. uh...
it was inexcusable.
I-I was...
I was out of my mind.
So I-I hope you can
understand that
and can maybe forgive me.
'cause I'm...
I'm really sorry.
Yeah. of course. Scott.
Come here.
- Thank you. thank you.
- Mm.
Thank you.
Oh. man. I got to tell you.
Rehab was... was rough.
Yeah. I bet. wow.
Yeah. I mean. the whole thing.
it was the pain.
the sweating. the itching.
countless hours
just laying in bed
staring at the ceiling
and just thinking
that the world
was gonna end.
and I don't think that
I could've gotten through
all that if it weren't
for this place.
This place?
Yeah. it was like
this beacon of hope
throughout
that whole process.
Hey. what's going on
over here?
There he is.
the man of the hour.
Oh. congratulations again. man.
Thank you.
Your... your vows were just
awesome.
I may have even teared up
a little bit.
Everything okay?
Yeah. he was just saying
how important this place was
during rehab.
Oh. yeah?
Yeah. man. really.
I was just...
I was trying
to say thank you.
I... knowing that you guys
believed in me
and wanting to make me
a partner when I got clean.
it... it... it saved me.
- Oh.
- I mean. it saved my life.
No. no. no. seriously.
you guys saved my life.
We're just happy
that you're better.
You gave us a hell
of a scare there. Scott.
No. I know I did. and...
and I'm gonna go back
for another month
and. you know.
dot my Is. cross my Ts.
make sure that
I'm free and clear.
but I want you guys to know
that I am fully available
for... for whatever you need.
I-I can call in to meetings.
You can send me figures.
Whatever you...
I mean.
we got that covered.
Right?
I mean. we'll be fine.
I think the best thing that you
can do is go back there.
take as much time as you need.
get healthy.
and then. you know.
when you come out for good.
then we can discuss
our arrangement here.
Arrangement?
What do you mean by that?
You know. Scott.
I don't think this
is the most appropriate place
for this...
No. no. no. no. no.
you're right.
You're totally right.
But. um...
...the... the deal is still
in place. right?
I mean. we. uh... we just got
to hammer out the details.
but I'm still a partner
in this. correct?
What the fuck did you think
was gonna happen. Scott?
You're gonna go to rehab
for three months
and then you just walk back
into our lives
and everything's forgiven?
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
wait a second here.
Cole...
I am just going off
of what you said.
You said that if
I went to rehab.
if I did...
if I did the work...
And got yourself clean.
really clean. for good.
Cole. I am clean.
Good. then do it
for six months.
Do it for a year.
Then we can talk.
No. no. no. no.
That was not our deal.
Shut the fuck up
about this deal
like we were in a lawyer's
office signing papers.
For fuck's sake. Scott.
you were drunk.
You were high as a kite.
I was trying to save your life.
get you to rehab.
Cole.
Don't ruin this
fucking day for me. okay?
♪ Got no reason to stay. baby ♪
Hey. Scotty.
Don't.
Bottoms up.
Scotty. give me that glass.
Why would I?
I'm not finished yet.
♪ It makes you
someone special ♪
Look. Cole didn't mean
what he said.
He just got scared.
Scared of what?
He doesn't handle
surprises well.
He needs everything
to be in his control.
Yeah. Ali. I've noticed that.
Look. I think there's something
about what's happening to you
that reminds him
of what happened to your dad.
What. the failing
at everything?
Look...
...Cole gets scared...
How's your kid?
She's fine.
Did you tell Cole yet?
'Cause. you know.
she's a Lockhart. right?
God. my mother didn't think
that it would be possible.
Okay. good night. Scotty.
Someone is going
to tell him. Ali.
and it's either
you or me.
'Cause that's our baby.
That's our baby.
Bailey. you okay?
You look a little pale.
I'm fine.
Hey. hey.
This is Alison.
This is my girl.
- Hi.
Guess what they told me.
There's a Descent tour
in Montauk right now.
A tour?
Yeah. of all the places
that he wrote about
in his book... the lighthouse.
the docks. the ranch.
this restaurant.
Oh. you're kidding.
No. I'm not.
Isn't it wild?
Uh. hey. can. uh...
can everybody hear me?
Hmm?
Um...
...hey. everyone.
Uh...
...thank you for coming. yeah.
...I-I didn't get a gift
for the lovely
bride and groom.
I think most of you know
that I've. uh. been in rehab.
so there's not a whole lot
of time for shopping. yeah.
Uh...
...so instead. I thought
that I would. uh.
sing a song to
c-commemorate this
beautiful evening.
It's an old one.
but. man.
it's a hell of a song.
And... and nobody really knows
what it's about. but...
...to me.
it's about family.
So. you know... let's do it.
♪ There is a house ♪
♪ In New Orleans ♪
♪ They call ♪
♪ The Rising Sun ♪
♪ And it's been
the ruin ♪
♪ Of many a poor boy ♪
♪ And me ♪
♪ Oh. God. I'm one ♪
♪ My mother was ♪
♪ A tailor ♪
♪ She sewed my new ♪
♪ Blue jeans ♪
♪ My father was ♪
Joanie's
not your daughter.
♪ A drunkard. Lord ♪
♪ Down in ♪
♪ New Orleans ♪
♪ Now. the only thing ♪
Joanie's not your daughter.
♪ A drunkard needs ♪
♪ Is a suitcase ♪
♪ And a trunk ♪
♪ And the only time ♪
♪ He's satisfied ♪
♪ Is when he's on ♪
♪ A drunk ♪
♪ So. Mama ♪
♪ Tell my brothers ♪
♪ Not to do ♪
♪ As I have done ♪
♪ Not to spend
your days ♪
♪ In vice and misery ♪
♪ In the House ♪
♪ Of the Rising Sun ♪
♪ There is a house ♪
♪ In New Orleans ♪
♪ They call
the Rising Sun ♪
♪ And it's been the ruin... ♪
Fancy meeting you here.
What are you doing here?
Well.
I can't exactly
go back to rehab now. can I?
So I thought I'd go
over to The End
and see if I could get
my job back.
but then I realized
that I'm inebriated.
so...
...um. I thought
I'd sleep it off
in this here rowboat.
Would you care to join me?
No. Scotty.
How about you cut me in?
You just cut me in.
I mean. you do own
half the place. right?
So you could... you really
could do that
if you wanted to. huh?
And. uh... oh. I got an idea.
Tell you what.
You do this for me.
and I will just forget
that I ever saw
your daughter.
Yeah. how does that sound?
Yeah. okay. Scotty.
you're really drunk.
So how about I call you a cab?
Why don't you just
answer the questions?
Just answer the questions.
I'll think about it.
Are you just saying that?
Yes.
Fuck you.
Right.
No. no.
Wh...
why do you get to get away
with everything
and... and... and not me?
Why do you get
to keep living your life
just... just perfectly.
meanwhile you are ruining mine?
- Okay. Scotty...
- No. no. no. no. no.
I don't...
I don't... I don't want
to sleep in the rowboat.
I want to sleep with you.
Hmm?
What the... what the fuck
are you doing?
Just come here.
No. no. no.
Get the fuck off me.
Get off me. Scotty.
Come on. Ali.
You fucked everybody else
in this town. why not me?
Fuck you!
Hey.
come the fuck over here.
Fuck you!
No. no. stop!
Please stop!
Noah. stop!
Oh.
Oh. shit.
Oh. no.
Shit.
Wh...
I pushed him.
Feels like we've
been here forever.
Sure does.
♪ April ♪
♪ Come she will ♪
♪ When streams are ripe ♪
♪ And swelled with rain ♪
♪ May. she will stay ♪
Come and dance with me.
♪ Resting in my arms ♪
♪ Again ♪
♪ June ♪
♪ She'll change her tune ♪
Is there damage to the car?
- Not much.
- ♪ In restless walks ♪
♪ She prowls the night ♪
I gave it to a mechanic.
He'll fix it for me
in the morning.
What. you told him
what happened?
No.
♪ July she will fly ♪
I told him
I hit a deer.
♪ Give no warning ♪
♪ On her flight ♪
I'm so sorry.
Shh.
♪ Die she must ♪
I'm so sorry.
- Shh.
- ♪ The autumn winds blow ♪
♪ Chilly and cold ♪
Don't cry.
♪ September I'll remember ♪
I love you.
♪ A love once new
is now... ♪
I love you too.
♪ ...growing old ♪
He wants to put
Jeffries on the stand.
You're gonna let them do that?
He says it's
my only option.
Noah.
they'll go after me.
No. they won't.
Yes. they will.
Alison. if I don't
do something.
they're gonna convict me.
I know. just...
just tell the truth.
I can't.
Why not?
Because she's the mother
of my children.
We're back
in a minute. Noah.
Then you'll have to choose.
Your Honor. permission
to approach the bench.
Defense would like to call
Detective Jeffries
back to the stand. please.
Your Honor. I'd like
to say something.
What are you doing?
Sit down. Sit down.
I'm guilty.
I killed Scott Lockhart.
What the hell are you doing?
Sit down!
Sit down and stay there.
Excuse me. Your Honor.
Sync and corrections by explosiveskull
www.addic7ed.com
♪ April ♪
♪ Come she will ♪
♪ When streams are ripe ♪
♪ And swelled with rain ♪
♪ May. she will stay ♪
♪ Resting in... ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm